chore(glossary): rename P3 and update link (#36756)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/gamut/index.md

Traditionally, in web development, the only gamut used was _[sRGB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SRGB)_ (Standard Red-Green-Blue), where each color is described using three bytes, one for each primary color. However, "wide-color" monitors and professional printers support a wider range of colors, that can't be represented using this gamut.

> Since 2021, browsers have started to provide functionality for other gamuts, like _[Display-P3](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space#display-p3)_, widely used in the movie industry, and _[rec2020](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space#rec2020)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 2021, browsers have started to provide functionality for other gamuts, like _[Display-P3](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space#display-p3)_, widely used in the movie industry, and _[rec2020](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space#rec2020)_.
```

> Since 2021, browsers have started to provide functionality for other gamuts, like _[Display-P3](https://www.color.org/chardata/rgb/DisplayP3.xalter)_, widely used in the movie industry, and _[rec2020](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rec._2020)_.

Reviewer: To be honest, the wiki link does a better job of explaining this if you're coming to the topic with no context, personally I would put this spec link in See also and leave the wiki link here with the Display-P3 text, but we could alternatively move the wiki link to See also. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: we define it at https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space#display-p3

Reviewer: Even better, can we link to the glossary entry @jolka-ef and optionally add that color.org link in the linked color space entry?

> Since 2021, browsers have started to provide functionality for other gamuts, like _[Display-P3](https://www.color.org/chardata/rgb/DisplayP3.xalter)_, widely used in the movie industry, and _[rec2020](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rec._2020)_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 2021, browsers have started to provide functionality for other gamuts, like _[Display-P3](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space#display-p3)_, widely used in the movie industry, and _[rec2020](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space#rec2020)_.
```
